# Generated by:
#  genmakefile -t gcc -m gmake --debug lib binfmttest.c bsdiffcat.c buffertest.c cc-wrap.c ccat.c cofflist.c compiler-wrapper.c count-depth.c decode-ls-lR.c dnsip.c dnsname.c dnstest.c eagle-gen-cmds.c eagle-init-brd.c eagle-to-circuit.c elf64list.c elflist.c elfwrsec.c genmakefile.c hexedit.c httptest.c impgen.c jsontest.c list-r.c macho32list.c mediathek-list.c mediathek-parser.c msys-shell.c ntldd.c omflist.c opensearch-dump.c pathtool.c pelist.c pkgcfg.c plsconv.c rdir-test.c reg2cmd.c regfilter.c sln.c strarraytest.c torrent-progress.c xmlpp.c xmltest.c xmltest2.c xmltest3.c xmltest4.c ziptest.c tests examples
CC = gcc
CXX = g++
DEFS = -DDEBUG=1 -DHAVE_ERRNO_H=1
CFLAGS = -g -ggdb
LDFLAGS = -g
AR = gcc-ar
EXTRA_LIBS = -ladvapi32 -lws2_32

all: build/gcc/Debug build/gcc/Debug/binfmttest.exe build/gcc/Debug/bsdiffcat.exe build/gcc/Debug/buffertest.exe build/gcc/Debug/cc-wrap.exe build/gcc/Debug/ccat.exe build/gcc/Debug/cofflist.exe build/gcc/Debug/compiler-wrapper.exe build/gcc/Debug/count-depth.exe build/gcc/Debug/decode-ls-lR.exe build/gcc/Debug/dnsip.exe build/gcc/Debug/dnsname.exe build/gcc/Debug/dnstest.exe build/gcc/Debug/eagle-gen-cmds.exe build/gcc/Debug/eagle-init-brd.exe build/gcc/Debug/eagle-to-circuit.exe build/gcc/Debug/elf64list.exe build/gcc/Debug/elflist.exe build/gcc/Debug/elfwrsec.exe build/gcc/Debug/genmakefile.exe build/gcc/Debug/hexedit.exe build/gcc/Debug/httptest.exe build/gcc/Debug/impgen.exe build/gcc/Debug/jsontest.exe build/gcc/Debug/list-r.exe build/gcc/Debug/macho32list.exe build/gcc/Debug/mediathek-list.exe build/gcc/Debug/mediathek-parser.exe build/gcc/Debug/msys-shell.exe build/gcc/Debug/ntldd.exe build/gcc/Debug/omflist.exe build/gcc/Debug/opensearch-dump.exe build/gcc/Debug/pathtool.exe build/gcc/Debug/pelist.exe build/gcc/Debug/pkgcfg.exe build/gcc/Debug/plsconv.exe build/gcc/Debug/rdir-test.exe build/gcc/Debug/reg2cmd.exe build/gcc/Debug/regfilter.exe build/gcc/Debug/sln.exe build/gcc/Debug/strarraytest.exe build/gcc/Debug/torrent-progress.exe build/gcc/Debug/xmlpp.exe build/gcc/Debug/xmltest.exe build/gcc/Debug/xmltest2.exe build/gcc/Debug/xmltest3.exe build/gcc/Debug/xmltest4.exe build/gcc/Debug/ziptest.exe build/gcc/Debug/all_tests.exe build/gcc/Debug/array.exe build/gcc/Debug/b64encode.exe build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromsa_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmap.exe build/gcc/Debug/buffer_tosa_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/byte_copy_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/cas.exe build/gcc/Debug/cdbget2.exe build/gcc/Debug/cescape.exe build/gcc/Debug/client.exe build/gcc/Debug/dllink.exe build/gcc/Debug/dnsip.exe build/gcc/Debug/fdpassing.exe build/gcc/Debug/fmt.exe build/gcc/Debug/fmt_httpdate_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/fmt_human_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/fmt_iso8691.exe build/gcc/Debug/fmt_longlong.exe build/gcc/Debug/fmt_long_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strm_alloca.exe build/gcc/Debug/httpd.exe build/gcc/Debug/io.exe build/gcc/Debug/io2.exe build/gcc/Debug/io3.exe build/gcc/Debug/io4.exe build/gcc/Debug/io5.exe build/gcc/Debug/iob.exe build/gcc/Debug/iom.exe build/gcc/Debug/json.exe build/gcc/Debug/marshal.exe build/gcc/Debug/mult.exe build/gcc/Debug/netstring.exe build/gcc/Debug/protobuf.exe build/gcc/Debug/proxy.exe build/gcc/Debug/range.exe build/gcc/Debug/readhttp.exe build/gcc/Debug/scan.exe build/gcc/Debug/scan_long_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/server.exe build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_buffer.exe build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chomp_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/textcode.exe build/gcc/Debug/uint.exe build/gcc/Debug/unurl.exe build/gcc/Debug/urlencode.exe build/gcc/Debug/utf8_example.exe build/gcc/Debug/uudecode.exe build/gcc/Debug/vd.exe
build/gcc/Debug:
	test -d "$@" || mkdir -p "$@"

.c.o:
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/umult64.o: lib/array/umult64.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_truncate.o: lib/array/array_truncate.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_trunc.o: lib/array/array_trunc.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_start.o: lib/array/array_start.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_reset.o: lib/array/array_reset.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_length.o: lib/array/array_length.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_indexof.o: lib/array/array_indexof.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_get.o: lib/array/array_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_find.o: lib/array/array_find.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_fail.o: lib/array/array_fail.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_equal.o: lib/array/array_equal.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_end.o: lib/array/array_end.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_cats0.o: lib/array/array_cats0.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_cats.o: lib/array/array_cats.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_cate.o: lib/array/array_cate.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_catb.o: lib/array/array_catb.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_cat0.o: lib/array/array_cat0.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_cat.o: lib/array/array_cat.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_bytes.o: lib/array/array_bytes.c
build/gcc/Debug/array_allocate.o: lib/array/array_allocate.c
build/gcc/Debug/array.a: build/gcc/Debug/umult64.o build/gcc/Debug/array_truncate.o build/gcc/Debug/array_trunc.o build/gcc/Debug/array_start.o build/gcc/Debug/array_reset.o build/gcc/Debug/array_length.o build/gcc/Debug/array_indexof.o build/gcc/Debug/array_get.o build/gcc/Debug/array_find.o build/gcc/Debug/array_fail.o build/gcc/Debug/array_equal.o build/gcc/Debug/array_end.o build/gcc/Debug/array_cats0.o build/gcc/Debug/array_cats.o build/gcc/Debug/array_cate.o build/gcc/Debug/array_catb.o build/gcc/Debug/array_cat0.o build/gcc/Debug/array_cat.o build/gcc/Debug/array_bytes.o build/gcc/Debug/array_allocate.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/binfmt_open.o: lib/binfmt/binfmt_open.c
build/gcc/Debug/binfmt.a: build/gcc/Debug/binfmt_open.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_write.o: lib/buffer/stralloc_write.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_write_fd.o: lib/buffer/buffer_write_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_write.o: lib/buffer/buffer_write.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_truncfile.o: lib/buffer/buffer_truncfile.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_stubborn2.o: lib/buffer/buffer_stubborn2.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_stubborn.o: lib/buffer/buffer_stubborn.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skip_until.o: lib/buffer/buffer_skip_until.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skip_pred.o: lib/buffer/buffer_skip_pred.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skipspace.o: lib/buffer/buffer_skipspace.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skipn.o: lib/buffer/buffer_skipn.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skipc.o: lib/buffer/buffer_skipc.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_seek.o: lib/buffer/buffer_seek.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_read_fd.o: lib/buffer/buffer_read_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_read.o: lib/buffer/buffer_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putxlong0.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putxlong0.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putxlong.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putxlong.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putxint640.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putxint640.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putxint64.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putxint64.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putulong0.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putulong0.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putulong.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putulong.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putuint64.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putuint64.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_puts_escaped.o: lib/buffer/buffer_puts_escaped.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putspad.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putspad.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putspace.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putspace.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putsflush.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putsflush.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putsalign.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putsalign.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putsaflush.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putsaflush.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putsa.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putsa.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_puts.o: lib/buffer/buffer_puts.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putptr.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putptr.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putnspace.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putnspace.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putnlflush.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putnlflush.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putnc.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putnc.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putm_internal_flush.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putm_internal_flush.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putm_internal.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putm_internal.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putlong0.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putlong0.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putlong.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putlong.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putint64.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putint64.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putflush.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putflush.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_puterror2.o: lib/buffer/buffer_puterror2.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_puterror.o: lib/buffer/buffer_puterror.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putdouble.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putdouble.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putc.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putc.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putalign.o: lib/buffer/buffer_putalign.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_put8long.o: lib/buffer/buffer_put8long.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_put.o: lib/buffer/buffer_put.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_prefetch.o: lib/buffer/buffer_prefetch.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_peekc.o: lib/buffer/buffer_peekc.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_peek.o: lib/buffer/buffer_peek.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_munmap.o: lib/buffer/buffer_munmap.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapshared_fd.o: lib/buffer/buffer_mmapshared_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapread_fd.o: lib/buffer/buffer_mmapread_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapread.o: lib/buffer/buffer_mmapread.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapprivate_fd.o: lib/buffer/buffer_mmapprivate_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapprivate.o: lib/buffer/buffer_mmapprivate.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_lzma.o: lib/buffer/buffer_lzma.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_init_free.o: lib/buffer/buffer_init_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_init.o: lib/buffer/buffer_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_inflate.o: lib/buffer/buffer_inflate.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_gzip.o: lib/buffer/buffer_gzip.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_until.o: lib/buffer/buffer_get_until.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_token_pred.o: lib/buffer/buffer_get_token_pred.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_token.o: lib/buffer/buffer_get_token.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getn.o: lib/buffer/buffer_getn.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getline.o: lib/buffer/buffer_getline.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getc.o: lib/buffer/buffer_getc.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get.o: lib/buffer/buffer_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromstr.o: lib/buffer/buffer_fromstr.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromsa.o: lib/buffer/buffer_fromsa.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_frombuf.o: lib/buffer/buffer_frombuf.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromarray.o: lib/buffer/buffer_fromarray.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_freshen.o: lib/buffer/buffer_freshen.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_free.o: lib/buffer/buffer_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_flush.o: lib/buffer/buffer_flush.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_feed.o: lib/buffer/buffer_feed.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_dump.o: lib/buffer/buffer_dump.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_dummyreadmmap.o: lib/buffer/buffer_dummyreadmmap.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_dummyread.o: lib/buffer/buffer_dummyread.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_deflate.o: lib/buffer/buffer_deflate.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_default.o: lib/buffer/buffer_default.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_copy.o: lib/buffer/buffer_copy.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_close.o: lib/buffer/buffer_close.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_bzip.o: lib/buffer/buffer_bzip.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_bz2.o: lib/buffer/buffer_bz2.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_2.o: lib/buffer/buffer_2.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1small.o: lib/buffer/buffer_1small.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1.o: lib/buffer/buffer_1.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_0small.o: lib/buffer/buffer_0small.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_0.o: lib/buffer/buffer_0.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a: build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_write.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_write_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_write.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_truncfile.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_stubborn2.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_stubborn.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skip_until.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skip_pred.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skipspace.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skipn.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_skipc.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_seek.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_read_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_read.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putxlong0.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putxlong.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putxint640.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putxint64.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putulong0.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putulong.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putuint64.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_puts_escaped.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putspad.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putspace.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putsflush.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putsalign.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putsaflush.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putsa.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_puts.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putptr.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putnspace.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putnlflush.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putnc.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putm_internal_flush.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putm_internal.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putlong0.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putlong.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putint64.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putflush.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_puterror2.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_puterror.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putdouble.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putc.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_putalign.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_put8long.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_put.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_prefetch.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_peekc.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_peek.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_munmap.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapshared_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapread_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapread.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapprivate_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmapprivate.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_lzma.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_init_free.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_init.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_inflate.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_gzip.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_until.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_token_pred.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_token.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getn.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getline.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getc.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromstr.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromsa.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_frombuf.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromarray.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_freshen.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_free.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_flush.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_feed.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_dump.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_dummyreadmmap.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_dummyread.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_deflate.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_default.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_copy.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_close.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_bzip.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_bz2.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_2.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1small.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_0small.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_0.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/byte_zero.o: lib/byte/byte_zero.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_upper.o: lib/byte/byte_upper.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_scan.o: lib/byte/byte_scan.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_replace.o: lib/byte/byte_replace.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_rchr.o: lib/byte/byte_rchr.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_lower.o: lib/byte/byte_lower.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_fmt.o: lib/byte/byte_fmt.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_finds.o: lib/byte/byte_finds.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_findb.o: lib/byte/byte_findb.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_fill.o: lib/byte/byte_fill.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_equal.o: lib/byte/byte_equal.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_diff.o: lib/byte/byte_diff.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_count.o: lib/byte/byte_count.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_copyr.o: lib/byte/byte_copyr.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_copy.o: lib/byte/byte_copy.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_chr.o: lib/byte/byte_chr.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_ccopy.o: lib/byte/byte_ccopy.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_case_start.o: lib/byte/byte_case_start.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_case_equal.o: lib/byte/byte_case_equal.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte_case_diff.o: lib/byte/byte_case_diff.c
build/gcc/Debug/byte.a: build/gcc/Debug/byte_zero.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_upper.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_scan.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_replace.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_rchr.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_lower.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_fmt.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_finds.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_findb.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_fill.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_equal.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_diff.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_count.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_copyr.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_copy.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_chr.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_ccopy.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_case_start.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_case_equal.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_case_diff.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/case_starts.o: lib/case/case_starts.c
build/gcc/Debug/case_lowers.o: lib/case/case_lowers.c
build/gcc/Debug/case_lowerb.o: lib/case/case_lowerb.c
build/gcc/Debug/case_diffs.o: lib/case/case_diffs.c
build/gcc/Debug/case_diffb.o: lib/case/case_diffb.c
build/gcc/Debug/case.a: build/gcc/Debug/case_starts.o build/gcc/Debug/case_lowers.o build/gcc/Debug/case_lowerb.o build/gcc/Debug/case_diffs.o build/gcc/Debug/case_diffb.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/cb_new_kv.o: lib/cb/cb_new_kv.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb_insert.o: lib/cb/cb_insert.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb_get_kv_ex.o: lib/cb/cb_get_kv_ex.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb_get_kv.o: lib/cb/cb_get_kv.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb_foreach.o: lib/cb/cb_foreach.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb_find_prefix.o: lib/cb/cb_find_prefix.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb_find.o: lib/cb/cb_find.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb_erase.o: lib/cb/cb_erase.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb_clear.o: lib/cb/cb_clear.c
build/gcc/Debug/cb.a: build/gcc/Debug/cb_new_kv.o build/gcc/Debug/cb_insert.o build/gcc/Debug/cb_get_kv_ex.o build/gcc/Debug/cb_get_kv.o build/gcc/Debug/cb_foreach.o build/gcc/Debug/cb_find_prefix.o build/gcc/Debug/cb_find.o build/gcc/Debug/cb_erase.o build/gcc/Debug/cb_clear.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/memalign.o: lib/cbmap/memalign.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_visit_all.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_visit_all.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_visit.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_visit.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_new.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_new.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_internal_node.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_internal_node.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_insert.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_insert.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_get.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_destroy.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_destroy.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_delete.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_delete.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_data_node_destroy.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_data_node_destroy.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_count.o: lib/cbmap/cbmap_count.c
build/gcc/Debug/alloc.o: lib/cbmap/alloc.c
build/gcc/Debug/cbmap.a: build/gcc/Debug/memalign.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_visit_all.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_visit.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_new.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_internal_node.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_insert.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_get.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_destroy.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_delete.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_data_node_destroy.o build/gcc/Debug/cbmap_count.o build/gcc/Debug/alloc.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_skip_until.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_skip_until.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_skip_pred.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_skip_pred.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_skip.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_skip.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_peekc.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_peekc.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_peek.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_peek.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_nextc.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_nextc.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_init.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_getc.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_getc.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_get.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_close.o: lib/charbuf/charbuf_close.c
build/gcc/Debug/charbuf.a: build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_skip_until.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_skip_pred.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_skip.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_peekc.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_peek.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_nextc.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_init.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_getc.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_get.o build/gcc/Debug/charbuf_close.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/coff_symbol_table.o: lib/coff/coff_symbol_table.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_symbol_name.o: lib/coff/coff_symbol_name.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_storage_class.o: lib/coff/coff_storage_class.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_sclass_name.o: lib/coff/coff_sclass_name.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_line_numbers.o: lib/coff/coff_line_numbers.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_index_symtab.o: lib/coff/coff_index_symtab.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_header.o: lib/coff/coff_header.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_get_symtab.o: lib/coff/coff_get_symtab.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_get_strtab.o: lib/coff/coff_get_strtab.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff_get_section.o: lib/coff/coff_get_section.c
build/gcc/Debug/coff.a: build/gcc/Debug/coff_symbol_table.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_symbol_name.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_storage_class.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_sclass_name.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_line_numbers.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_index_symtab.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_header.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_get_symtab.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_get_strtab.o build/gcc/Debug/coff_get_section.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/dir_type.o: lib/dir/dir_type.c
build/gcc/Debug/dir_time.o: lib/dir/dir_time.c
build/gcc/Debug/dir_read.o: lib/dir/dir_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/dir_path.o: lib/dir/dir_path.c
build/gcc/Debug/dir_open.o: lib/dir/dir_open.c
build/gcc/Debug/dir_name.o: lib/dir/dir_name.c
build/gcc/Debug/dir_close.o: lib/dir/dir_close.c
build/gcc/Debug/dir.a: build/gcc/Debug/dir_type.o build/gcc/Debug/dir_time.o build/gcc/Debug/dir_read.o build/gcc/Debug/dir_path.o build/gcc/Debug/dir_open.o build/gcc/Debug/dir_name.o build/gcc/Debug/dir_close.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/dns_txt.o: lib/dns/dns_txt.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_transmit.o: lib/dns/dns_transmit.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_sortip6.o: lib/dns/dns_sortip6.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_sortip.o: lib/dns/dns_sortip.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_resolve.o: lib/dns/dns_resolve.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_rcrw.o: lib/dns/dns_rcrw.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_rcip.o: lib/dns/dns_rcip.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_random.o: lib/dns/dns_random.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_packet.o: lib/dns/dns_packet.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_nd6.o: lib/dns/dns_nd6.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_nd.o: lib/dns/dns_nd.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_name.o: lib/dns/dns_name.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_mx.o: lib/dns/dns_mx.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_ipq6.o: lib/dns/dns_ipq6.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_ipq.o: lib/dns/dns_ipq.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_ip6.o: lib/dns/dns_ip6.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_ip4.o: lib/dns/dns_ip4.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_dtda.o: lib/dns/dns_dtda.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_domain.o: lib/dns/dns_domain.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns_dfd.o: lib/dns/dns_dfd.c
build/gcc/Debug/dns.a: build/gcc/Debug/dns_txt.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_transmit.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_sortip6.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_sortip.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_resolve.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_rcrw.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_rcip.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_random.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_packet.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_nd6.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_nd.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_name.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_mx.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_ipq6.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_ipq.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_ip6.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_ip4.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_dtda.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_domain.o build/gcc/Debug/dns_dfd.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/elf_symbol_r.o: lib/elf/elf_symbol_r.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_shstrtab.o: lib/elf/elf_shstrtab.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_typename.o: lib/elf/elf_section_typename.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_size.o: lib/elf/elf_section_size.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_offset.o: lib/elf/elf_section_offset.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_index.o: lib/elf/elf_section_index.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_headers.o: lib/elf/elf_section_headers.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_find.o: lib/elf/elf_section_find.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_section.o: lib/elf/elf_section.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_program_headers.o: lib/elf/elf_program_headers.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_header.o: lib/elf/elf_header.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_value.o: lib/elf/elf_get_value.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_symtab_r.o: lib/elf/elf_get_symtab_r.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_symtab.o: lib/elf/elf_get_symtab.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_section_r.o: lib/elf/elf_get_section_r.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_section.o: lib/elf/elf_get_section.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf_dynamic_section.o: lib/elf/elf_dynamic_section.c
build/gcc/Debug/elf.a: build/gcc/Debug/elf_symbol_r.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_shstrtab.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_typename.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_size.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_offset.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_index.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_headers.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_section_find.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_section.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_program_headers.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_header.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_value.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_symtab_r.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_symtab.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_section_r.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_get_section.o build/gcc/Debug/elf_dynamic_section.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/env_unset.o: lib/env/env_unset.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_string.o: lib/env/env_string.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_set.o: lib/env/env_set.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_put.o: lib/env/env_put.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_pick.o: lib/env/env_pick.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_merge.o: lib/env/env_merge.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_make.o: lib/env/env_make.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_len.o: lib/env/env_len.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_get2.o: lib/env/env_get2.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_get.o: lib/env/env_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/env_addmodif.o: lib/env/env_addmodif.c
build/gcc/Debug/env.a: build/gcc/Debug/env_unset.o build/gcc/Debug/env_string.o build/gcc/Debug/env_set.o build/gcc/Debug/env_put.o build/gcc/Debug/env_pick.o build/gcc/Debug/env_merge.o build/gcc/Debug/env_make.o build/gcc/Debug/env_len.o build/gcc/Debug/env_get2.o build/gcc/Debug/env_get.o build/gcc/Debug/env_addmodif.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_write.o: lib/errmsg/errmsg_write.c
build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_warnsys.o: lib/errmsg/errmsg_warnsys.c
build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_warn.o: lib/errmsg/errmsg_warn.c
build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_puts.o: lib/errmsg/errmsg_puts.c
build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_infosys.o: lib/errmsg/errmsg_infosys.c
build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_info.o: lib/errmsg/errmsg_info.c
build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_iam.o: lib/errmsg/errmsg_iam.c
build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a: build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_write.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_warnsys.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_warn.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_puts.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_infosys.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_info.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg_iam.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/expand_vars.o: lib/expand/expand_vars.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_unescape.o: lib/expand/expand_unescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_param.o: lib/expand/expand_param.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_glob.o: lib/expand/expand_glob.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_escape.o: lib/expand/expand_escape.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_copysa.o: lib/expand/expand_copysa.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_command.o: lib/expand/expand_command.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_catsa.o: lib/expand/expand_catsa.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_cat.o: lib/expand/expand_cat.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_arith.o: lib/expand/expand_arith.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_argv.o: lib/expand/expand_argv.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_args.o: lib/expand/expand_args.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand_arg.o: lib/expand/expand_arg.c
build/gcc/Debug/expand.a: build/gcc/Debug/expand_vars.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_unescape.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_param.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_glob.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_escape.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_copysa.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_command.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_catsa.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_cat.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_arith.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_argv.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_args.o build/gcc/Debug/expand_arg.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_xmlescape.o: lib/fmt/fmt_xmlescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_xlong.o: lib/fmt/fmt_xlong.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_xint64.o: lib/fmt/fmt_xint64.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_utf8.o: lib/fmt/fmt_utf8.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ulong0.o: lib/fmt/fmt_ulong0.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ulong.o: lib/fmt/fmt_ulong.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_uint64.o: lib/fmt/fmt_uint64.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_tohex.o: lib/fmt/fmt_tohex.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strn.o: lib/fmt/fmt_strn.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strm_internal.o: lib/fmt/fmt_strm_internal.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_str.o: lib/fmt/fmt_str.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_repeat.o: lib/fmt/fmt_repeat.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_plusminus.o: lib/fmt/fmt_plusminus.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_pad.o: lib/fmt/fmt_pad.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_octal.o: lib/fmt/fmt_octal.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_minus.o: lib/fmt/fmt_minus.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_long.o: lib/fmt/fmt_long.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_iso8601.o: lib/fmt/fmt_iso8601.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_int64.o: lib/fmt/fmt_int64.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_humank.o: lib/fmt/fmt_humank.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_human.o: lib/fmt/fmt_human.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_httpdate.o: lib/fmt/fmt_httpdate.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_hexb.o: lib/fmt/fmt_hexb.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_fill.o: lib/fmt/fmt_fill.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharxml.o: lib/fmt/fmt_escapecharxml.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharshell.o: lib/fmt/fmt_escapecharshell.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharquotedprintableutf8.o: lib/fmt/fmt_escapecharquotedprintableutf8.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharquotedprintable.o: lib/fmt/fmt_escapecharquotedprintable.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharhtml.o: lib/fmt/fmt_escapecharhtml.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharc.o: lib/fmt/fmt_escapecharc.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_double.o: lib/fmt/fmt_double.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_asn1dertag.o: lib/fmt/fmt_asn1dertag.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_asn1derlength.o: lib/fmt/fmt_asn1derlength.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_8long.o: lib/fmt/fmt_8long.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a: build/gcc/Debug/fmt_xmlescape.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_xlong.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_xint64.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_utf8.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ulong0.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ulong.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_uint64.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_tohex.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strn.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strm_internal.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_str.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_repeat.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_plusminus.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_pad.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_octal.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_minus.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_long.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_iso8601.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_int64.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_humank.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_human.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_httpdate.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_hexb.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_fill.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharxml.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharshell.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharquotedprintableutf8.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharquotedprintable.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharhtml.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_escapecharc.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_double.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_asn1dertag.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_asn1derlength.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_8long.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/gpio_write.o: lib/gpio/gpio_write.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_short_wait.o: lib/gpio/gpio_short_wait.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_pin_mode.o: lib/gpio/gpio_set_pin_mode.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_output.o: lib/gpio/gpio_set_output.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_input_resistor_pull.o: lib/gpio/gpio_set_input_resistor_pull.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_input_pull_up.o: lib/gpio/gpio_set_input_pull_up.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_input_pull_down.o: lib/gpio/gpio_set_input_pull_down.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_input_pull.o: lib/gpio/gpio_set_input_pull.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_read.o: lib/gpio/gpio_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio_init.o: lib/gpio/gpio_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/gpio.a: build/gcc/Debug/gpio_write.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_short_wait.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_pin_mode.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_output.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_input_resistor_pull.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_input_pull_up.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_input_pull_down.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_set_input_pull.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_read.o build/gcc/Debug/gpio_init.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_size.o: lib/hash_map/linked_list_size.c
build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_prepend.o: lib/hash_map/linked_list_prepend.c
build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_init.o: lib/hash_map/linked_list_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_head.o: lib/hash_map/linked_list_head.c
build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_free.o: lib/hash_map/linked_list_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_append.o: lib/hash_map/linked_list_append.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_size.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_size.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_remove.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_remove.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_put.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_put.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_keys.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_keys.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_init.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_get.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_free.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_default_hash_func.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_default_hash_func.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_default_comparator.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_default_comparator.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_contains_key.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_contains_key.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_clear.o: lib/hash_map/hash_map_clear.c
build/gcc/Debug/hash_map.a: build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_size.o build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_prepend.o build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_init.o build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_head.o build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_free.o build/gcc/Debug/linked_list_append.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_size.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_remove.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_put.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_keys.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_init.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_get.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_free.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_default_hash_func.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_default_comparator.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_contains_key.o build/gcc/Debug/hash_map_clear.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/hmap_truncate.o: lib/hmap/hmap_truncate.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_size.o: lib/hmap/hmap_size.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_set_stralloc.o: lib/hmap/hmap_set_stralloc.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_set_chars.o: lib/hmap/hmap_set_chars.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_set.o: lib/hmap/hmap_set.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_search.o: lib/hmap/hmap_search.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_print_tree.o: lib/hmap/hmap_print_tree.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_print_table.o: lib/hmap/hmap_print_table.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_print_list.o: lib/hmap/hmap_print_list.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_is_locate.o: lib/hmap/hmap_is_locate.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_init.o: lib/hmap/hmap_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_hash.o: lib/hmap/hmap_hash.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_get.o: lib/hmap/hmap_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_free_data.o: lib/hmap/hmap_free_data.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_dump.o: lib/hmap/hmap_dump.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_destroy.o: lib/hmap/hmap_destroy.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_delete.o: lib/hmap/hmap_delete.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_cmp.o: lib/hmap/hmap_cmp.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_add_tuple_with_data.o: lib/hmap/hmap_add_tuple_with_data.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap_add.o: lib/hmap/hmap_add.c
build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a: build/gcc/Debug/hmap_truncate.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_size.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_set_stralloc.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_set_chars.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_set.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_search.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_print_tree.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_print_table.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_print_list.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_is_locate.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_init.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_hash.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_get.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_free_data.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_dump.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_destroy.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_delete.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_cmp.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_add_tuple_with_data.o build/gcc/Debug/hmap_add.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/http_writeable.o: lib/http/http_writeable.c
build/gcc/Debug/http_socket.o: lib/http/http_socket.c
build/gcc/Debug/http_sendreq.o: lib/http/http_sendreq.c
build/gcc/Debug/http_readable.o: lib/http/http_readable.c
build/gcc/Debug/http_read.o: lib/http/http_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/http_init.o: lib/http/http_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/http_get.o: lib/http/http_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/http.a: build/gcc/Debug/http_writeable.o build/gcc/Debug/http_socket.o build/gcc/Debug/http_sendreq.o build/gcc/Debug/http_readable.o build/gcc/Debug/http_read.o build/gcc/Debug/http_init.o build/gcc/Debug/http_get.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/iarray_length.o: lib/iarray/iarray_length.c
build/gcc/Debug/iarray_init.o: lib/iarray/iarray_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/iarray_get.o: lib/iarray/iarray_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/iarray_free.o: lib/iarray/iarray_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/iarray_allocate.o: lib/iarray/iarray_allocate.c
build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a: build/gcc/Debug/iarray_length.o build/gcc/Debug/iarray_init.o build/gcc/Debug/iarray_get.o build/gcc/Debug/iarray_free.o build/gcc/Debug/iarray_allocate.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/io_wantwrite.o: lib/io/io_wantwrite.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_wantread.o: lib/io/io_wantread.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_waitwrite.o: lib/io/io_waitwrite.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_waituntil2.o: lib/io/io_waituntil2.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_waituntil.o: lib/io/io_waituntil.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_waitread.o: lib/io/io_waitread.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_wait.o: lib/io/io_wait.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_trywritetimeout.o: lib/io/io_trywritetimeout.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_trywrite.o: lib/io/io_trywrite.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_tryreadtimeout.o: lib/io/io_tryreadtimeout.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_tryread.o: lib/io/io_tryread.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_timeouted.o: lib/io/io_timeouted.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_timeout.o: lib/io/io_timeout.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_timedout.o: lib/io/io_timedout.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_socketpair.o: lib/io/io_socketpair.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_sigpipe.o: lib/io/io_sigpipe.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_setcookie.o: lib/io/io_setcookie.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_sendfile.o: lib/io/io_sendfile.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_readwritefile.o: lib/io/io_readwritefile.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_readfile.o: lib/io/io_readfile.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_pipe.o: lib/io/io_pipe.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_passfd.o: lib/io/io_passfd.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_nonblock.o: lib/io/io_nonblock.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_mmapwritefile.o: lib/io/io_mmapwritefile.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_getcookie.o: lib/io/io_getcookie.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_finishandshutdown.o: lib/io/io_finishandshutdown.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_fd.o: lib/io/io_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_eagain_write.o: lib/io/io_eagain_write.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_eagain_read.o: lib/io/io_eagain_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_eagain.o: lib/io/io_eagain.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_dup.o: lib/io/io_dup.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_dontwantwrite.o: lib/io/io_dontwantwrite.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_dontwantread.o: lib/io/io_dontwantread.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_debugstring.o: lib/io/io_debugstring.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_createfile.o: lib/io/io_createfile.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_closeonexec.o: lib/io/io_closeonexec.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_close.o: lib/io/io_close.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_check.o: lib/io/io_check.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_canwrite.o: lib/io/io_canwrite.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_canread.o: lib/io/io_canread.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_block.o: lib/io/io_block.c
build/gcc/Debug/io_appendfile.o: lib/io/io_appendfile.c
build/gcc/Debug/iopause.o: lib/io/iopause.c
build/gcc/Debug/io.a: build/gcc/Debug/io_wantwrite.o build/gcc/Debug/io_wantread.o build/gcc/Debug/io_waitwrite.o build/gcc/Debug/io_waituntil2.o build/gcc/Debug/io_waituntil.o build/gcc/Debug/io_waitread.o build/gcc/Debug/io_wait.o build/gcc/Debug/io_trywritetimeout.o build/gcc/Debug/io_trywrite.o build/gcc/Debug/io_tryreadtimeout.o build/gcc/Debug/io_tryread.o build/gcc/Debug/io_timeouted.o build/gcc/Debug/io_timeout.o build/gcc/Debug/io_timedout.o build/gcc/Debug/io_socketpair.o build/gcc/Debug/io_sigpipe.o build/gcc/Debug/io_setcookie.o build/gcc/Debug/io_sendfile.o build/gcc/Debug/io_readwritefile.o build/gcc/Debug/io_readfile.o build/gcc/Debug/io_pipe.o build/gcc/Debug/io_passfd.o build/gcc/Debug/io_nonblock.o build/gcc/Debug/io_mmapwritefile.o build/gcc/Debug/io_getcookie.o build/gcc/Debug/io_finishandshutdown.o build/gcc/Debug/io_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/io_eagain_write.o build/gcc/Debug/io_eagain_read.o build/gcc/Debug/io_eagain.o build/gcc/Debug/io_dup.o build/gcc/Debug/io_dontwantwrite.o build/gcc/Debug/io_dontwantread.o build/gcc/Debug/io_debugstring.o build/gcc/Debug/io_createfile.o build/gcc/Debug/io_closeonexec.o build/gcc/Debug/io_close.o build/gcc/Debug/io_check.o build/gcc/Debug/io_canwrite.o build/gcc/Debug/io_canread.o build/gcc/Debug/io_block.o build/gcc/Debug/io_appendfile.o build/gcc/Debug/iopause.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/json_read_tree.o: lib/json/json_read_tree.c
build/gcc/Debug/json_read_callback.o: lib/json/json_read_callback.c
build/gcc/Debug/json_reader_init.o: lib/json/json_reader_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/json_print.o: lib/json/json_print.c
build/gcc/Debug/json_parse.o: lib/json/json_parse.c
build/gcc/Debug/json_newnode.o: lib/json/json_newnode.c
build/gcc/Debug/json_free.o: lib/json/json_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/json.a: build/gcc/Debug/json_read_tree.o build/gcc/Debug/json_read_callback.o build/gcc/Debug/json_reader_init.o build/gcc/Debug/json_print.o build/gcc/Debug/json_parse.o build/gcc/Debug/json_newnode.o build/gcc/Debug/json_free.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/list_unshift.o: lib/list/list_unshift.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_swap.o: lib/list/list_swap.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_remove.o: lib/list/list_remove.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_push.o: lib/list/list_push.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_move_tail.o: lib/list/list_move_tail.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_move_head.o: lib/list/list_move_head.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_length.o: lib/list/list_length.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_init.o: lib/list/list_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_find_remove.o: lib/list/list_find_remove.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_find.o: lib/list/list_find.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_add_before.o: lib/list/list_add_before.c
build/gcc/Debug/list_add_after.o: lib/list/list_add_after.c
build/gcc/Debug/list.a: build/gcc/Debug/list_unshift.o build/gcc/Debug/list_swap.o build/gcc/Debug/list_remove.o build/gcc/Debug/list_push.o build/gcc/Debug/list_move_tail.o build/gcc/Debug/list_move_head.o build/gcc/Debug/list_length.o build/gcc/Debug/list_init.o build/gcc/Debug/list_find_remove.o build/gcc/Debug/list_find.o build/gcc/Debug/list_add_before.o build/gcc/Debug/list_add_after.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/map_set.o: lib/map/map_set.c
build/gcc/Debug/map_remove.o: lib/map/map_remove.c
build/gcc/Debug/map_next.o: lib/map/map_next.c
build/gcc/Debug/map_iter.o: lib/map/map_iter.c
build/gcc/Debug/map_getref.o: lib/map/map_getref.c
build/gcc/Debug/map_get.o: lib/map/map_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/map_deinit.o: lib/map/map_deinit.c
build/gcc/Debug/map.a: build/gcc/Debug/map_set.o build/gcc/Debug/map_remove.o build/gcc/Debug/map_next.o build/gcc/Debug/map_iter.o build/gcc/Debug/map_getref.o build/gcc/Debug/map_get.o build/gcc/Debug/map_deinit.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/mmap_unmap.o: lib/mmap/mmap_unmap.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_shared_fd.o: lib/mmap/mmap_shared_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_shared.o: lib/mmap/mmap_shared.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_rw_fd.o: lib/mmap/mmap_rw_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_read_fd.o: lib/mmap/mmap_read_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_read.o: lib/mmap/mmap_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_private_fd.o: lib/mmap/mmap_private_fd.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_private.o: lib/mmap/mmap_private.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_map.o: lib/mmap/mmap_map.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a: build/gcc/Debug/mmap_unmap.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_shared_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_shared.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_rw_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_read_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_read.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_private_fd.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_private.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_map.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/ndelay_on.o: lib/ndelay/ndelay_on.c
build/gcc/Debug/ndelay_off.o: lib/ndelay/ndelay_off.c
build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a: build/gcc/Debug/ndelay_on.o build/gcc/Debug/ndelay_off.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/omf_record_next.o: lib/omf/omf_record_next.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_record_end.o: lib/omf/omf_record_end.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_record_begin.o: lib/omf/omf_record_begin.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_open.o: lib/omf/omf_open.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_next.o: lib/omf/omf_next.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_name.o: lib/omf/omf_name.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_get_name.o: lib/omf/omf_get_name.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_end.o: lib/omf/omf_end.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_data.o: lib/omf/omf_data.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_close.o: lib/omf/omf_close.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf_begin.o: lib/omf/omf_begin.c
build/gcc/Debug/omf.a: build/gcc/Debug/omf_record_next.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_record_end.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_record_begin.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_open.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_next.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_name.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_get_name.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_end.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_data.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_close.o build/gcc/Debug/omf_begin.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/open_write.o: lib/open/open_write.c
build/gcc/Debug/open_trunc.o: lib/open/open_trunc.c
build/gcc/Debug/open_temp.o: lib/open/open_temp.c
build/gcc/Debug/open_rw.o: lib/open/open_rw.c
build/gcc/Debug/open_read.o: lib/open/open_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/open_excl.o: lib/open/open_excl.c
build/gcc/Debug/open_append.o: lib/open/open_append.c
build/gcc/Debug/open.a: build/gcc/Debug/open_write.o build/gcc/Debug/open_trunc.o build/gcc/Debug/open_temp.o build/gcc/Debug/open_rw.o build/gcc/Debug/open_read.o build/gcc/Debug/open_excl.o build/gcc/Debug/open_append.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/symlink.o: lib/path/symlink.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_split.o: lib/path/path_split.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_skip_separator.o: lib/path/path_skip_separator.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_skips.o: lib/path/path_skips.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_skip.o: lib/path/path_skip.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_right.o: lib/path/path_right.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_relative.o: lib/path/path_relative.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_realpath.o: lib/path/path_realpath.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_readlink.o: lib/path/path_readlink.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_num_sa.o: lib/path/path_num_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_num.o: lib/path/path_num.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_len_s.o: lib/path/path_len_s.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_len.o: lib/path/path_len.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_is_separator.o: lib/path/path_is_separator.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_is_absolute.o: lib/path/path_is_absolute.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_getsep.o: lib/path/path_getsep.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_gethome.o: lib/path/path_gethome.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_getcwd.o: lib/path/path_getcwd.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_fnmatch.o: lib/path/path_fnmatch.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_exists.o: lib/path/path_exists.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_dirname.o: lib/path/path_dirname.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_collapse.o: lib/path/path_collapse.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_canonical_sa.o: lib/path/path_canonical_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_canonicalize.o: lib/path/path_canonicalize.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_canonical.o: lib/path/path_canonical.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_basename.o: lib/path/path_basename.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_absolute_sa.o: lib/path/path_absolute_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/path_absolute.o: lib/path/path_absolute.c
build/gcc/Debug/path.a: build/gcc/Debug/symlink.o build/gcc/Debug/path_split.o build/gcc/Debug/path_skip_separator.o build/gcc/Debug/path_skips.o build/gcc/Debug/path_skip.o build/gcc/Debug/path_right.o build/gcc/Debug/path_relative.o build/gcc/Debug/path_realpath.o build/gcc/Debug/path_readlink.o build/gcc/Debug/path_num_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/path_num.o build/gcc/Debug/path_len_s.o build/gcc/Debug/path_len.o build/gcc/Debug/path_is_separator.o build/gcc/Debug/path_is_absolute.o build/gcc/Debug/path_getsep.o build/gcc/Debug/path_gethome.o build/gcc/Debug/path_getcwd.o build/gcc/Debug/path_fnmatch.o build/gcc/Debug/path_exists.o build/gcc/Debug/path_dirname.o build/gcc/Debug/path_collapse.o build/gcc/Debug/path_canonical_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/path_canonicalize.o build/gcc/Debug/path_canonical.o build/gcc/Debug/path_basename.o build/gcc/Debug/path_absolute_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/path_absolute.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/pe_thunk.o: lib/pe/pe_thunk.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_rva2section.o: lib/pe/pe_rva2section.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_rva2ptr.o: lib/pe/pe_rva2ptr.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_rva2offset.o: lib/pe/pe_rva2offset.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_offset2rva.o: lib/pe/pe_offset2rva.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_header.o: lib/pe/pe_header.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_get_value.o: lib/pe/pe_get_value.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_get_section.o: lib/pe/pe_get_section.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_get_datadir.o: lib/pe/pe_get_datadir.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe_datadir_name.o: lib/pe/pe_datadir_name.c
build/gcc/Debug/pe.a: build/gcc/Debug/pe_thunk.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_rva2section.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_rva2ptr.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_rva2offset.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_offset2rva.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_header.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_get_value.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_get_section.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_get_datadir.o build/gcc/Debug/pe_datadir_name.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/playlist_xspf.o: lib/playlist/playlist_xspf.c
build/gcc/Debug/playlist_write_start.o: lib/playlist/playlist_write_start.c
build/gcc/Debug/playlist_write_finish.o: lib/playlist/playlist_write_finish.c
build/gcc/Debug/playlist_write_entry.o: lib/playlist/playlist_write_entry.c
build/gcc/Debug/playlist_read.o: lib/playlist/playlist_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/playlist_pls.o: lib/playlist/playlist_pls.c
build/gcc/Debug/playlist_m3u.o: lib/playlist/playlist_m3u.c
build/gcc/Debug/playlist_init.o: lib/playlist/playlist_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/playlist.a: build/gcc/Debug/playlist_xspf.o build/gcc/Debug/playlist_write_start.o build/gcc/Debug/playlist_write_finish.o build/gcc/Debug/playlist_write_entry.o build/gcc/Debug/playlist_read.o build/gcc/Debug/playlist_pls.o build/gcc/Debug/playlist_m3u.o build/gcc/Debug/playlist_init.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/process_create.o: lib/process/process_create.c
build/gcc/Debug/process.a: build/gcc/Debug/process_create.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/range_init.o: lib/range/range_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/range.a: build/gcc/Debug/range_init.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/rdir_read.o: lib/rdir/rdir_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/rdir_open.o: lib/rdir/rdir_open.c
build/gcc/Debug/rdir_close.o: lib/rdir/rdir_close.c
build/gcc/Debug/rdir.a: build/gcc/Debug/rdir_read.o build/gcc/Debug/rdir_open.o build/gcc/Debug/rdir_close.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/scan_xshort.o: lib/scan/scan_xshort.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_xmlescape.o: lib/scan/scan_xmlescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_xlongn.o: lib/scan/scan_xlongn.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_xlong.o: lib/scan/scan_xlong.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_xint64.o: lib/scan/scan_xint64.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_xint.o: lib/scan/scan_xint.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_whitenskip.o: lib/scan/scan_whitenskip.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_varint.o: lib/scan/scan_varint.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_utf8.o: lib/scan/scan_utf8.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_ushort.o: lib/scan/scan_ushort.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_ulongn.o: lib/scan/scan_ulongn.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_ulong.o: lib/scan/scan_ulong.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_uint64.o: lib/scan/scan_uint64.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_uint.o: lib/scan/scan_uint.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_short.o: lib/scan/scan_short.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_plusminus.o: lib/scan/scan_plusminus.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_pb_type5_fixed32.o: lib/scan/scan_pb_type5_fixed32.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_pb_type1_fixed64.o: lib/scan/scan_pb_type1_fixed64.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_pb_type0_sint.o: lib/scan/scan_pb_type0_sint.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_pb_tag.o: lib/scan/scan_pb_tag.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_octal.o: lib/scan/scan_octal.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_nonwhitenskip.o: lib/scan/scan_nonwhitenskip.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_noncharsetnskip.o: lib/scan/scan_noncharsetnskip.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_netstring.o: lib/scan/scan_netstring.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_longn.o: lib/scan/scan_longn.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_long.o: lib/scan/scan_long.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_lineskip.o: lib/scan/scan_lineskip.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_line.o: lib/scan/scan_line.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_int64.o: lib/scan/scan_int64.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_int.o: lib/scan/scan_int.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_httpdate.o: lib/scan/scan_httpdate.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_fromhex.o: lib/scan/scan_fromhex.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_double.o: lib/scan/scan_double.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_charsetnskip.o: lib/scan/scan_charsetnskip.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_asn1dertag.o: lib/scan/scan_asn1dertag.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_asn1derlength.o: lib/scan/scan_asn1derlength.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_8short.o: lib/scan/scan_8short.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_8longn.o: lib/scan/scan_8longn.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_8long.o: lib/scan/scan_8long.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_8int.o: lib/scan/scan_8int.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan.a: build/gcc/Debug/scan_xshort.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_xmlescape.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_xlongn.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_xlong.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_xint64.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_xint.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_whitenskip.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_varint.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_utf8.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_ushort.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_ulongn.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_ulong.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_uint64.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_uint.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_short.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_plusminus.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_pb_type5_fixed32.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_pb_type1_fixed64.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_pb_type0_sint.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_pb_tag.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_octal.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_nonwhitenskip.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_noncharsetnskip.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_netstring.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_longn.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_long.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_lineskip.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_line.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_int64.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_int.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_httpdate.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_fromhex.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_double.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_charsetnskip.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_asn1dertag.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_asn1derlength.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_8short.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_8longn.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_8long.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_8int.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/sig_unblock.o: lib/sig/sig_unblock.c
build/gcc/Debug/sig_block.o: lib/sig/sig_block.c
build/gcc/Debug/sig.a: build/gcc/Debug/sig_unblock.o build/gcc/Debug/sig_block.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/slist_unshifts.o: lib/slist/slist_unshifts.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_shifts.o: lib/slist/slist_shifts.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_shift.o: lib/slist/slist_shift.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_remove.o: lib/slist/slist_remove.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_pushs.o: lib/slist/slist_pushs.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_push.o: lib/slist/slist_push.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_length.o: lib/slist/slist_length.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_init.o: lib/slist/slist_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_find_remove.o: lib/slist/slist_find_remove.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_find.o: lib/slist/slist_find.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_add_before.o: lib/slist/slist_add_before.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist_add_after.o: lib/slist/slist_add_after.c
build/gcc/Debug/slist.a: build/gcc/Debug/slist_unshifts.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_shifts.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_shift.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_remove.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_pushs.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_push.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_length.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_init.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_find_remove.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_find.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_add_before.o build/gcc/Debug/slist_add_after.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/winsock_socketpair.o: lib/socket/winsock_socketpair.c
build/gcc/Debug/winsock_init.o: lib/socket/winsock_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/winsock2errno.o: lib/socket/winsock2errno.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_v6loopback.o: lib/socket/socket_v6loopback.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_v6any.o: lib/socket/socket_v6any.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_v4mappedprefix.o: lib/socket/socket_v4mappedprefix.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_udp6.o: lib/socket/socket_udp6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_udp4.o: lib/socket/socket_udp4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_tryreservein.o: lib/socket/socket_tryreservein.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_tcp6b.o: lib/socket/socket_tcp6b.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_tcp6.o: lib/socket/socket_tcp6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_tcp4b.o: lib/socket/socket_tcp4b.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_tcp4.o: lib/socket/socket_tcp4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_send6.o: lib/socket/socket_send6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_send4.o: lib/socket/socket_send4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_sctp6b.o: lib/socket/socket_sctp6b.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_sctp6.o: lib/socket/socket_sctp6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_sctp4b.o: lib/socket/socket_sctp4b.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_sctp4.o: lib/socket/socket_sctp4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_remote6.o: lib/socket/socket_remote6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_remote4.o: lib/socket/socket_remote4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_recv6.o: lib/socket/socket_recv6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_recv4.o: lib/socket/socket_recv4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_quickack.o: lib/socket/socket_quickack.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_noipv6.o: lib/socket/socket_noipv6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcttl4.o: lib/socket/socket_mcttl4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcloop6.o: lib/socket/socket_mcloop6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcloop4.o: lib/socket/socket_mcloop4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcleave6.o: lib/socket/socket_mcleave6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcleave4.o: lib/socket/socket_mcleave4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcjoin6.o: lib/socket/socket_mcjoin6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcjoin4.o: lib/socket/socket_mcjoin4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_mchopcount6.o: lib/socket/socket_mchopcount6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_local6.o: lib/socket/socket_local6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_local4.o: lib/socket/socket_local4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_listen.o: lib/socket/socket_listen.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_ip4loopback.o: lib/socket/socket_ip4loopback.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_getifname.o: lib/socket/socket_getifname.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_getifidx.o: lib/socket/socket_getifidx.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_fastopen_connect6.o: lib/socket/socket_fastopen_connect6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_fastopen_connect4.o: lib/socket/socket_fastopen_connect4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_fastopen.o: lib/socket/socket_fastopen.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_deferaccept.o: lib/socket/socket_deferaccept.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_connected.o: lib/socket/socket_connected.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_connect6.o: lib/socket/socket_connect6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_connect4.o: lib/socket/socket_connect4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_broadcast.o: lib/socket/socket_broadcast.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_bind6_reuse.o: lib/socket/socket_bind6_reuse.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_bind6.o: lib/socket/socket_bind6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_bind4_reuse.o: lib/socket/socket_bind4_reuse.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_bind4.o: lib/socket/socket_bind4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_accept6.o: lib/socket/socket_accept6.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket_accept4.o: lib/socket/socket_accept4.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_ip6_flat.o: lib/socket/scan_ip6_flat.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_ip6if.o: lib/socket/scan_ip6if.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_ip6.o: lib/socket/scan_ip6.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_ip4.o: lib/socket/scan_ip4.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6_flat.o: lib/socket/fmt_ip6_flat.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6ifc.o: lib/socket/fmt_ip6ifc.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6if.o: lib/socket/fmt_ip6if.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6c.o: lib/socket/fmt_ip6c.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6.o: lib/socket/fmt_ip6.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip4.o: lib/socket/fmt_ip4.c
build/gcc/Debug/socket.a: build/gcc/Debug/winsock_socketpair.o build/gcc/Debug/winsock_init.o build/gcc/Debug/winsock2errno.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_v6loopback.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_v6any.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_v4mappedprefix.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_udp6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_udp4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_tryreservein.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_tcp6b.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_tcp6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_tcp4b.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_tcp4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_send6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_send4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_sctp6b.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_sctp6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_sctp4b.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_sctp4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_remote6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_remote4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_recv6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_recv4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_quickack.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_noipv6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcttl4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcloop6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcloop4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcleave6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcleave4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcjoin6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_mcjoin4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_mchopcount6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_local6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_local4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_listen.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_ip4loopback.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_getifname.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_getifidx.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_fastopen_connect6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_fastopen_connect4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_fastopen.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_deferaccept.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_connected.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_connect6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_connect4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_broadcast.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_bind6_reuse.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_bind6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_bind4_reuse.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_bind4.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_accept6.o build/gcc/Debug/socket_accept4.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_ip6_flat.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_ip6if.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_ip6.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_ip4.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6_flat.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6ifc.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6if.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6c.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip4.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/time_table_spd.o: lib/str/time_table_spd.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_tok.o: lib/str/str_tok.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_start.o: lib/str/str_start.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_rfindb.o: lib/str/str_rfindb.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_rfind.o: lib/str/str_rfind.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_rchrs.o: lib/str/str_rchrs.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_rchr.o: lib/str/str_rchr.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_ptime.o: lib/str/str_ptime.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_ndup.o: lib/str/str_ndup.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_lower.o: lib/str/str_lower.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_len.o: lib/str/str_len.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_istr.o: lib/str/str_istr.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_findb.o: lib/str/str_findb.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_find.o: lib/str/str_find.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_equal.o: lib/str/str_equal.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_endb.o: lib/str/str_endb.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_end.o: lib/str/str_end.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_dup.o: lib/str/str_dup.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_diffn.o: lib/str/str_diffn.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_diff.o: lib/str/str_diff.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_copyn.o: lib/str/str_copyn.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_copyb.o: lib/str/str_copyb.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_copy.o: lib/str/str_copy.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_chr.o: lib/str/str_chr.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_cat.o: lib/str/str_cat.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_case_start.o: lib/str/str_case_start.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_case_equal.o: lib/str/str_case_equal.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_case_diffn.o: lib/str/str_case_diffn.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_case_diff.o: lib/str/str_case_diff.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_basename.o: lib/str/str_basename.c
build/gcc/Debug/isleap.o: lib/str/isleap.c
build/gcc/Debug/str.a: build/gcc/Debug/time_table_spd.o build/gcc/Debug/str_tok.o build/gcc/Debug/str_start.o build/gcc/Debug/str_rfindb.o build/gcc/Debug/str_rfind.o build/gcc/Debug/str_rchrs.o build/gcc/Debug/str_rchr.o build/gcc/Debug/str_ptime.o build/gcc/Debug/str_ndup.o build/gcc/Debug/str_lower.o build/gcc/Debug/str_len.o build/gcc/Debug/str_istr.o build/gcc/Debug/str_findb.o build/gcc/Debug/str_find.o build/gcc/Debug/str_equal.o build/gcc/Debug/str_endb.o build/gcc/Debug/str_end.o build/gcc/Debug/str_dup.o build/gcc/Debug/str_diffn.o build/gcc/Debug/str_diff.o build/gcc/Debug/str_copyn.o build/gcc/Debug/str_copyb.o build/gcc/Debug/str_copy.o build/gcc/Debug/str_chr.o build/gcc/Debug/str_cat.o build/gcc/Debug/str_case_start.o build/gcc/Debug/str_case_equal.o build/gcc/Debug/str_case_diffn.o build/gcc/Debug/str_case_diff.o build/gcc/Debug/str_basename.o build/gcc/Debug/isleap.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/utf8.o: lib/stralloc/utf8.c
build/gcc/Debug/str_decamelize.o: lib/stralloc/str_decamelize.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_zero.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_zero.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_upper.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_upper.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_trunc.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_trunc.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_trim.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_trim.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_subst.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_subst.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_starts.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_starts.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_startb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_startb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_start.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_start.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_shrink.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_shrink.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_scan.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_scan.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_reverse_blocks.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_reverse_blocks.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_reverse.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_reverse.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_replace_non_printable.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_replace_non_printable.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_replaces.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_replaces.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_replacec.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_replacec.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_replace.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_replace.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_remove_all.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_remove_all.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_removesuffixs.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_removesuffixs.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_removesuffixb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_removesuffixb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_remove.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_remove.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_ready_tuned.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_ready_tuned.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_readyplus.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_readyplus.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_ready.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_ready.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_rchr.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_rchr.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_prepends.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_prepends.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_prependb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_prependb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_prepend.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_prepend.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_nul.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_nul.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_move.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_move.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_lower.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_lower.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_inserts.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_inserts.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_insertb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_insertb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_insert.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_insert.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_init.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_free.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_fmt_pred.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_fmt_pred.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_fmt_call.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_fmt_call.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_fmt.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_fmt.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_finds.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_finds.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_findb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_findb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_find.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_find.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_expand.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_expand.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_erase.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_erase.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_equals.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_equals.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_equalb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_equalb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_equal.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_equal.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_ends.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_ends.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_endb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_endb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_diffs.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_diffs.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_diffb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_diffb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_diff.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_diff.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_decamelize.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_decamelize.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_count.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_count.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copywcs.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_copywcs.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copywcb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_copywcb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copys.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_copys.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copyb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_copyb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copy.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_copy.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_contains.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_contains.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chr.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_chr.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chop.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_chop.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chomp.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_chomp.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catxlong.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catxlong.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catwcs.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catwcs.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catwcb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catwcb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catulong0.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catulong0.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catulong.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catulong.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catuint0.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catuint0.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catuint.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catuint.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_cats.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_cats.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catm_internal.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catm_internal.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catlong0.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catlong0.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catlong.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catlong.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catint0.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catint0.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catint.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catint.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_cathexb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_cathexb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catdouble.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catdouble.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catc.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catc.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catb.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_catb.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_cat.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_cat.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_starts.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_case_starts.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_start.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_case_start.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_equals.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_case_equals.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_equal.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_case_equal.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_end.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_case_end.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_diffs.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_case_diffs.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_diff.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_case_diff.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_append.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_append.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_0.o: lib/stralloc/stralloc_0.c
build/gcc/Debug/readclose.o: lib/stralloc/readclose.c
build/gcc/Debug/open_filename.o: lib/stralloc/open_filename.c
build/gcc/Debug/openreadclose.o: lib/stralloc/openreadclose.c
build/gcc/Debug/mmap_filename.o: lib/stralloc/mmap_filename.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_tosa.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_tosa.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_put_escaped.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_put_escaped.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_token_sa_pred.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_get_token_sa_pred.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_token_sa.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_get_token_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_new_token_sa_pred.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_get_new_token_sa_pred.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_new_token_sa.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_get_new_token_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_gettok_sa.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_gettok_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getnewline_sa.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_getnewline_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getline_sa.o: lib/stralloc/buffer_getline_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a: build/gcc/Debug/utf8.o build/gcc/Debug/str_decamelize.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_zero.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_upper.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_trunc.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_trim.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_subst.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_starts.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_startb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_start.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_shrink.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_scan.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_reverse_blocks.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_reverse.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_replace_non_printable.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_replaces.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_replacec.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_replace.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_remove_all.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_removesuffixs.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_removesuffixb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_remove.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_ready_tuned.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_readyplus.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_ready.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_rchr.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_prepends.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_prependb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_prepend.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_nul.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_move.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_lower.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_inserts.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_insertb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_insert.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_init.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_free.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_fmt_pred.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_fmt_call.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_fmt.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_finds.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_findb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_find.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_expand.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_erase.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_equals.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_equalb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_equal.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_ends.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_endb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_diffs.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_diffb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_diff.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_decamelize.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_count.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copywcs.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copywcb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copys.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copyb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_copy.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_contains.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chr.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chop.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chomp.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catxlong.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catwcs.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catwcb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catulong0.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catulong.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catuint0.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catuint.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_cats.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catm_internal.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catlong0.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catlong.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catint0.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catint.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_cathexb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catdouble.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catc.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_catb.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_cat.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_starts.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_start.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_equals.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_equal.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_end.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_diffs.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_case_diff.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_append.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_0.o build/gcc/Debug/readclose.o build/gcc/Debug/open_filename.o build/gcc/Debug/openreadclose.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap_filename.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_tosa.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_put_escaped.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_token_sa_pred.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_token_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_new_token_sa_pred.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_get_new_token_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_gettok_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getnewline_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_getline_sa.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/strarray_transform.o: lib/strarray/strarray_transform.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_to_argv.o: lib/strarray/strarray_to_argv.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_sort.o: lib/strarray/strarray_sort.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_set.o: lib/strarray/strarray_set.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_removesuffixs.o: lib/strarray/strarray_removesuffixs.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_removeprefixs.o: lib/strarray/strarray_removeprefixs.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_push_sa.o: lib/strarray/strarray_push_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_pushd.o: lib/strarray/strarray_pushd.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_pushb.o: lib/strarray/strarray_pushb.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_push.o: lib/strarray/strarray_push.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_prepends.o: lib/strarray/strarray_prepends.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_pop.o: lib/strarray/strarray_pop.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_joins.o: lib/strarray/strarray_joins.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_index_of.o: lib/strarray/strarray_index_of.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_glob.o: lib/strarray/strarray_glob.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_from_argv.o: lib/strarray/strarray_from_argv.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_each.o: lib/strarray/strarray_each.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray_appends.o: lib/strarray/strarray_appends.c
build/gcc/Debug/strarray.a: build/gcc/Debug/strarray_transform.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_to_argv.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_sort.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_set.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_removesuffixs.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_removeprefixs.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_push_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_pushd.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_pushb.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_push.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_prepends.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_pop.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_joins.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_index_of.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_glob.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_from_argv.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_each.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray_appends.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/strlist_unshift.o: lib/strlist/strlist_unshift.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_trunc.o: lib/strlist/strlist_trunc.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_to_argv.o: lib/strlist/strlist_to_argv.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_sub.o: lib/strlist/strlist_sub.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_sort.o: lib/strlist/strlist_sort.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_shift_n.o: lib/strlist/strlist_shift_n.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_shift.o: lib/strlist/strlist_shift.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_removes.o: lib/strlist/strlist_removes.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_removeb.o: lib/strlist/strlist_removeb.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_range.o: lib/strlist/strlist_range.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push_unique_sa.o: lib/strlist/strlist_push_unique_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push_unique.o: lib/strlist/strlist_push_unique.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push_tokens.o: lib/strlist/strlist_push_tokens.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push_sa.o: lib/strlist/strlist_push_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_pushm_internal.o: lib/strlist/strlist_pushm_internal.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_pushb_unique.o: lib/strlist/strlist_pushb_unique.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_pushb.o: lib/strlist/strlist_pushb.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push.o: lib/strlist/strlist_push.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_prepend_sa.o: lib/strlist/strlist_prepend_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_prepends.o: lib/strlist/strlist_prepends.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_prependb.o: lib/strlist/strlist_prependb.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_pop.o: lib/strlist/strlist_pop.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_joins.o: lib/strlist/strlist_joins.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_join.o: lib/strlist/strlist_join.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_index_of.o: lib/strlist/strlist_index_of.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_indexofb.o: lib/strlist/strlist_indexofb.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_fromv.o: lib/strlist/strlist_fromv.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_froms.o: lib/strlist/strlist_froms.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_fromb.o: lib/strlist/strlist_fromb.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_dump.o: lib/strlist/strlist_dump.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_count.o: lib/strlist/strlist_count.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_contains_sa.o: lib/strlist/strlist_contains_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_containsb.o: lib/strlist/strlist_containsb.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_contains.o: lib/strlist/strlist_contains.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_cat.o: lib/strlist/strlist_cat.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_at_sa.o: lib/strlist/strlist_at_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_at_n.o: lib/strlist/strlist_at_n.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_at.o: lib/strlist/strlist_at.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist_append_sa.o: lib/strlist/strlist_append_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a: build/gcc/Debug/strlist_unshift.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_trunc.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_to_argv.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_sub.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_sort.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_shift_n.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_shift.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_removes.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_removeb.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_range.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push_unique_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push_unique.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push_tokens.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_pushm_internal.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_pushb_unique.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_pushb.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_push.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_prepend_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_prepends.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_prependb.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_pop.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_joins.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_join.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_index_of.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_indexofb.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_fromv.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_froms.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_fromb.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_dump.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_count.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_contains_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_containsb.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_contains.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_cat.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_at_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_at_n.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_at.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist_append_sa.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/tai_unpack.o: lib/tai/tai_unpack.c
build/gcc/Debug/tai_uint.o: lib/tai/tai_uint.c
build/gcc/Debug/tai_sub.o: lib/tai/tai_sub.c
build/gcc/Debug/tai_pack.o: lib/tai/tai_pack.c
build/gcc/Debug/tai_now.o: lib/tai/tai_now.c
build/gcc/Debug/tai_add.o: lib/tai/tai_add.c
build/gcc/Debug/tai.a: build/gcc/Debug/tai_unpack.o build/gcc/Debug/tai_uint.o build/gcc/Debug/tai_sub.o build/gcc/Debug/tai_pack.o build/gcc/Debug/tai_now.o build/gcc/Debug/tai_add.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/taia_unpack.o: lib/taia/taia_unpack.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_uint.o: lib/taia/taia_uint.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_tai.o: lib/taia/taia_tai.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_sub.o: lib/taia/taia_sub.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_pack.o: lib/taia/taia_pack.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_now.o: lib/taia/taia_now.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_less.o: lib/taia/taia_less.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_half.o: lib/taia/taia_half.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_frac.o: lib/taia/taia_frac.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_approx.o: lib/taia/taia_approx.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_addsec.o: lib/taia/taia_addsec.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia_add.o: lib/taia/taia_add.c
build/gcc/Debug/taia.a: build/gcc/Debug/taia_unpack.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_uint.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_tai.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_sub.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_pack.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_now.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_less.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_half.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_frac.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_approx.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_addsec.o build/gcc/Debug/taia_add.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_read.o: lib/textbuf/textbuf_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_line.o: lib/textbuf/textbuf_line.c
build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_init.o: lib/textbuf/textbuf_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_free.o: lib/textbuf/textbuf_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_column.o: lib/textbuf/textbuf_column.c
build/gcc/Debug/is_textbuf.o: lib/textbuf/is_textbuf.c
build/gcc/Debug/textbuf.a: build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_read.o build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_line.o build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_init.o build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_free.o build/gcc/Debug/textbuf_column.o build/gcc/Debug/is_textbuf.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/scan_yenc.o: lib/textcode/scan_yenc.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_uuencoded.o: lib/textcode/scan_uuencoded.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_urlencoded.o: lib/textcode/scan_urlencoded.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_to_sa.o: lib/textcode/scan_to_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_to_array.o: lib/textcode/scan_to_array.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_tofrom_array.o: lib/textcode/scan_tofrom_array.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_quotedprintable.o: lib/textcode/scan_quotedprintable.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_ldapescape.o: lib/textcode/scan_ldapescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_jsonescape.o: lib/textcode/scan_jsonescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_html.o: lib/textcode/scan_html.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_hexdump.o: lib/textcode/scan_hexdump.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_cescape.o: lib/textcode/scan_cescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_base64url.o: lib/textcode/scan_base64url.c
build/gcc/Debug/scan_base64.o: lib/textcode/scan_base64.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_yenc.o: lib/textcode/fmt_yenc.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_xml.o: lib/textcode/fmt_xml.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_uuencoded.o: lib/textcode/fmt_uuencoded.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_urlencoded.o: lib/textcode/fmt_urlencoded.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_to_sa.o: lib/textcode/fmt_to_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_to_array.o: lib/textcode/fmt_to_array.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_tofrom_array.o: lib/textcode/fmt_tofrom_array.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_quotedprintable.o: lib/textcode/fmt_quotedprintable.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ldapescape2.o: lib/textcode/fmt_ldapescape2.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ldapescape.o: lib/textcode/fmt_ldapescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_jsonescape.o: lib/textcode/fmt_jsonescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_html_tagarg.o: lib/textcode/fmt_html_tagarg.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_html.o: lib/textcode/fmt_html.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_hexdump.o: lib/textcode/fmt_hexdump.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_foldwhitespace.o: lib/textcode/fmt_foldwhitespace.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_cescape.o: lib/textcode/fmt_cescape.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_base64url.o: lib/textcode/fmt_base64url.c
build/gcc/Debug/fmt_base64.o: lib/textcode/fmt_base64.c
build/gcc/Debug/base64url.o: lib/textcode/base64url.c
build/gcc/Debug/base64.o: lib/textcode/base64.c
build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a: build/gcc/Debug/scan_yenc.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_uuencoded.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_urlencoded.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_to_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_to_array.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_tofrom_array.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_quotedprintable.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_ldapescape.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_jsonescape.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_html.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_hexdump.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_cescape.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_base64url.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_base64.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_yenc.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_xml.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_uuencoded.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_urlencoded.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_to_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_to_array.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_tofrom_array.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_quotedprintable.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ldapescape2.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ldapescape.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_jsonescape.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_html_tagarg.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_html.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_hexdump.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_foldwhitespace.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_cescape.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_base64url.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_base64.o build/gcc/Debug/base64url.o build/gcc/Debug/base64.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/uint16_unpack_big.o: lib/uint16/uint16_unpack_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint16_unpack.o: lib/uint16/uint16_unpack.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint16_read_big.o: lib/uint16/uint16_read_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint16_read.o: lib/uint16/uint16_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint16_pack_big.o: lib/uint16/uint16_pack_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint16_pack.o: lib/uint16/uint16_pack.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a: build/gcc/Debug/uint16_unpack_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint16_unpack.o build/gcc/Debug/uint16_read_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint16_read.o build/gcc/Debug/uint16_pack_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint16_pack.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/uint32_unpack_big.o: lib/uint32/uint32_unpack_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32_unpack.o: lib/uint32/uint32_unpack.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32_seed.o: lib/uint32/uint32_seed.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32_read_big.o: lib/uint32/uint32_read_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32_read.o: lib/uint32/uint32_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32_random.o: lib/uint32/uint32_random.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32_prng.o: lib/uint32/uint32_prng.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32_pack_big.o: lib/uint32/uint32_pack_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32_pack.o: lib/uint32/uint32_pack.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a: build/gcc/Debug/uint32_unpack_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint32_unpack.o build/gcc/Debug/uint32_seed.o build/gcc/Debug/uint32_read_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint32_read.o build/gcc/Debug/uint32_random.o build/gcc/Debug/uint32_prng.o build/gcc/Debug/uint32_pack_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint32_pack.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/uint64_unpack_big.o: lib/uint64/uint64_unpack_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint64_unpack.o: lib/uint64/uint64_unpack.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint64_read_big.o: lib/uint64/uint64_read_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint64_read.o: lib/uint64/uint64_read.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint64_pack_big.o: lib/uint64/uint64_pack_big.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint64_pack.o: lib/uint64/uint64_pack.c
build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a: build/gcc/Debug/uint64_unpack_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint64_unpack.o build/gcc/Debug/uint64_read_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint64_read.o build/gcc/Debug/uint64_pack_big.o build/gcc/Debug/uint64_pack.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/wordexp.o: lib/unix/wordexp.c
build/gcc/Debug/win32_popen.o: lib/unix/win32_popen.c
build/gcc/Debug/win32_loadprog.o: lib/unix/win32_loadprog.c
build/gcc/Debug/win32_glob.o: lib/unix/win32_glob.c
build/gcc/Debug/win32_borland_popen.o: lib/unix/win32_borland_popen.c
build/gcc/Debug/readlink.o: lib/unix/readlink.c
build/gcc/Debug/popen.o: lib/unix/popen.c
build/gcc/Debug/pipe2.o: lib/unix/pipe2.c
build/gcc/Debug/glob.o: lib/unix/glob.c
build/gcc/Debug/getpagesize.o: lib/unix/getpagesize.c
build/gcc/Debug/getopt.o: lib/unix/getopt.c
build/gcc/Debug/getdelim.o: lib/unix/getdelim.c
build/gcc/Debug/fork.o: lib/unix/fork.c
build/gcc/Debug/fnmatch.o: lib/unix/fnmatch.c
build/gcc/Debug/unix.a: build/gcc/Debug/wordexp.o build/gcc/Debug/win32_popen.o build/gcc/Debug/win32_loadprog.o build/gcc/Debug/win32_glob.o build/gcc/Debug/win32_borland_popen.o build/gcc/Debug/readlink.o build/gcc/Debug/popen.o build/gcc/Debug/pipe2.o build/gcc/Debug/glob.o build/gcc/Debug/getpagesize.o build/gcc/Debug/getopt.o build/gcc/Debug/getdelim.o build/gcc/Debug/fork.o build/gcc/Debug/fnmatch.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/var_vlen.o: lib/var/var_vlen.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_vdefault.o: lib/var/var_vdefault.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_value.o: lib/var/var_value.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_valid.o: lib/var/var_valid.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_unset.o: lib/var/var_unset.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_setvsa.o: lib/var/var_setvsa.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_setvint.o: lib/var/var_setvint.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_setsa.o: lib/var/var_setsa.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_set.o: lib/var/var_set.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_search.o: lib/var/var_search.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_rndhash.o: lib/var/var_rndhash.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_print.o: lib/var/var_print.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_lexhash.o: lib/var/var_lexhash.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_len.o: lib/var/var_len.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_init.o: lib/var/var_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_import.o: lib/var/var_import.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_hsearch.o: lib/var/var_hsearch.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_get.o: lib/var/var_get.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_export.o: lib/var/var_export.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_dump.o: lib/var/var_dump.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_create.o: lib/var/var_create.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_count.o: lib/var/var_count.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_copys.o: lib/var/var_copys.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_cleanup.o: lib/var/var_cleanup.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_chflg.o: lib/var/var_chflg.c
build/gcc/Debug/var_bsearch.o: lib/var/var_bsearch.c
build/gcc/Debug/var.a: build/gcc/Debug/var_vlen.o build/gcc/Debug/var_vdefault.o build/gcc/Debug/var_value.o build/gcc/Debug/var_valid.o build/gcc/Debug/var_unset.o build/gcc/Debug/var_setvsa.o build/gcc/Debug/var_setvint.o build/gcc/Debug/var_setsa.o build/gcc/Debug/var_set.o build/gcc/Debug/var_search.o build/gcc/Debug/var_rndhash.o build/gcc/Debug/var_print.o build/gcc/Debug/var_lexhash.o build/gcc/Debug/var_len.o build/gcc/Debug/var_init.o build/gcc/Debug/var_import.o build/gcc/Debug/var_hsearch.o build/gcc/Debug/var_get.o build/gcc/Debug/var_export.o build/gcc/Debug/var_dump.o build/gcc/Debug/var_create.o build/gcc/Debug/var_count.o build/gcc/Debug/var_copys.o build/gcc/Debug/var_cleanup.o build/gcc/Debug/var_chflg.o build/gcc/Debug/var_bsearch.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/vartab_search.o: lib/vartab/vartab_search.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab_root.o: lib/vartab/vartab_root.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab_push.o: lib/vartab/vartab_push.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab_print.o: lib/vartab/vartab_print.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab_pop.o: lib/vartab/vartab_pop.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab_hash.o: lib/vartab/vartab_hash.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab_dump.o: lib/vartab/vartab_dump.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab_cleanup.o: lib/vartab/vartab_cleanup.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab_add.o: lib/vartab/vartab_add.c
build/gcc/Debug/vartab.a: build/gcc/Debug/vartab_search.o build/gcc/Debug/vartab_root.o build/gcc/Debug/vartab_push.o build/gcc/Debug/vartab_print.o build/gcc/Debug/vartab_pop.o build/gcc/Debug/vartab_hash.o build/gcc/Debug/vartab_dump.o build/gcc/Debug/vartab_cleanup.o build/gcc/Debug/vartab_add.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/wait_reap.o: lib/wait/wait_reap.c
build/gcc/Debug/wait_pid_nohang.o: lib/wait/wait_pid_nohang.c
build/gcc/Debug/wait_pids_nohang.o: lib/wait/wait_pids_nohang.c
build/gcc/Debug/wait_nointr.o: lib/wait/wait_nointr.c
build/gcc/Debug/wait_nohang.o: lib/wait/wait_nohang.c
build/gcc/Debug/waitpid_nointr.o: lib/wait/waitpid_nointr.c
build/gcc/Debug/waitn_reap.o: lib/wait/waitn_reap.c
build/gcc/Debug/waitn.o: lib/wait/waitn.c
build/gcc/Debug/wait.a: build/gcc/Debug/wait_reap.o build/gcc/Debug/wait_pid_nohang.o build/gcc/Debug/wait_pids_nohang.o build/gcc/Debug/wait_nointr.o build/gcc/Debug/wait_nohang.o build/gcc/Debug/waitpid_nointr.o build/gcc/Debug/waitn_reap.o build/gcc/Debug/waitn.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/xml_textnode.o: lib/xml/xml_textnode.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_set_attribute_double.o: lib/xml/xml_set_attribute_double.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_set_attribute.o: lib/xml/xml_set_attribute.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_root_element.o: lib/xml/xml_root_element.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_remove.o: lib/xml/xml_remove.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_read_tree.o: lib/xml/xml_read_tree.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_read_callback.o: lib/xml/xml_read_callback.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_reader_init.o: lib/xml/xml_reader_init.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_print_nodeset.o: lib/xml/xml_print_nodeset.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_print_attributes.o: lib/xml/xml_print_attributes.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_print.o: lib/xml/xml_print.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_path.o: lib/xml/xml_path.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_newnode.o: lib/xml/xml_newnode.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_insert.o: lib/xml/xml_insert.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_has_attribute.o: lib/xml/xml_has_attribute.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_get_document.o: lib/xml/xml_get_document.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_get_attribute_sa.o: lib/xml/xml_get_attribute_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_get_attribute_double.o: lib/xml/xml_get_attribute_double.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_get_attribute.o: lib/xml/xml_get_attribute.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_free.o: lib/xml/xml_free.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_predicates.o: lib/xml/xml_find_predicates.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_pred.o: lib/xml/xml_find_pred.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_parent.o: lib/xml/xml_find_parent.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_element_attr.o: lib/xml/xml_find_element_attr.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_element.o: lib/xml/xml_find_element.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_all_pred.o: lib/xml/xml_find_all_pred.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_escape.o: lib/xml/xml_escape.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_element.o: lib/xml/xml_element.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_delete.o: lib/xml/xml_delete.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_debug.o: lib/xml/xml_debug.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_content_sa.o: lib/xml/xml_content_sa.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_content.o: lib/xml/xml_content.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_attrnode.o: lib/xml/xml_attrnode.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml_add_child.o: lib/xml/xml_add_child.c
build/gcc/Debug/xml.a: build/gcc/Debug/xml_textnode.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_set_attribute_double.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_set_attribute.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_root_element.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_remove.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_read_tree.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_read_callback.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_reader_init.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_print_nodeset.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_print_attributes.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_print.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_path.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_newnode.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_insert.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_has_attribute.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_get_document.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_get_attribute_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_get_attribute_double.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_get_attribute.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_free.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_predicates.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_pred.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_parent.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_element_attr.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_element.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_find_all_pred.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_escape.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_element.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_delete.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_debug.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_content_sa.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_content.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_attrnode.o build/gcc/Debug/xml_add_child.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/unit_test_runner.o: tests/unit_test_runner.c
build/gcc/Debug/unit_test.o: tests/unit_test.c
build/gcc/Debug/test_strlist.o: tests/test_strlist.c
build/gcc/Debug/test_stralloc.o: tests/test_stralloc.c
build/gcc/Debug/test_path.o: tests/test_path.c
build/gcc/Debug/all_tests.o: tests/all_tests.c tests/all_tests.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/tests.a: build/gcc/Debug/unit_test_runner.o build/gcc/Debug/unit_test.o build/gcc/Debug/test_strlist.o build/gcc/Debug/test_stralloc.o build/gcc/Debug/test_path.o build/gcc/Debug/all_tests.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/vd.o: examples/vd.c examples/vd.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/uudecode.o: examples/uudecode.c examples/uudecode.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/utf8_example.o: examples/utf8_example.c examples/utf8_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/urlencode.o: examples/urlencode.c examples/urlencode.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/unurl.o: examples/unurl.c examples/unurl.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/uint.o: examples/uint.c examples/uint.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/textcode.o: examples/textcode.c examples/textcode.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chomp_example.o: examples/stralloc_chomp_example.c examples/stralloc_chomp_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_buffer.o: examples/stralloc_buffer.c examples/stralloc_buffer.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/server.o: examples/server.c examples/server.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/scan_long_example.o: examples/scan_long_example.c examples/scan_long_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/scan.o: examples/scan.c examples/scan.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/readhttp.o: examples/readhttp.c examples/readhttp.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/range.o: examples/range.c examples/range.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/proxy.o: examples/proxy.c examples/proxy.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/protobuf.o: examples/protobuf.c examples/protobuf.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/netstring.o: examples/netstring.c examples/netstring.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/mult.o: examples/mult.c examples/mult.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/marshal.o: examples/marshal.c examples/marshal.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/json.o: examples/json.c examples/json.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/iom.o: examples/iom.c examples/iom.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/iob.o: examples/iob.c examples/iob.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/io5.o: examples/io5.c examples/io5.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/io4.o: examples/io4.c examples/io4.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/io3.o: examples/io3.c examples/io3.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/io2.o: examples/io2.c examples/io2.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/io.o: examples/io.c examples/io.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/httpd.o: examples/httpd.c examples/httpd.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strm_alloca.o: examples/fmt_strm_alloca.c examples/fmt_strm_alloca.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_long_example.o: examples/fmt_long_example.c examples/fmt_long_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_longlong.o: examples/fmt_longlong.c examples/fmt_longlong.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_iso8691.o: examples/fmt_iso8691.c examples/fmt_iso8691.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6_example.o: examples/fmt_ip6_example.c examples/fmt_ip6_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_human_example.o: examples/fmt_human_example.c examples/fmt_human_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_httpdate_example.o: examples/fmt_httpdate_example.c examples/fmt_httpdate_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fmt.o: examples/fmt.c examples/fmt.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/fdpassing.o: examples/fdpassing.c examples/fdpassing.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/dnsip.o: examples/dnsip.c dnsip.c examples/dnsip.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/dllink.o: examples/dllink.c examples/dllink.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/client.o: examples/client.c examples/client.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/cescape.o: examples/cescape.c examples/cescape.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/cdbget2.o: examples/cdbget2.c examples/cdbget2.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/cas.o: examples/cas.c examples/cas.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/byte_copy_example.o: examples/byte_copy_example.c examples/byte_copy_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/buffer_tosa_example.o: examples/buffer_tosa_example.c examples/buffer_tosa_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmap.o: examples/buffer_mmap.c examples/buffer_mmap.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromsa_example.o: examples/buffer_fromsa_example.c examples/buffer_fromsa_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1_example.o: examples/buffer_1_example.c examples/buffer_1_example.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/b64encode.o: examples/b64encode.c examples/b64encode.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/array.o: examples/array.c examples/array.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/examples.a: build/gcc/Debug/vd.o build/gcc/Debug/uudecode.o build/gcc/Debug/utf8_example.o build/gcc/Debug/urlencode.o build/gcc/Debug/unurl.o build/gcc/Debug/uint.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chomp_example.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_buffer.o build/gcc/Debug/server.o build/gcc/Debug/scan_long_example.o build/gcc/Debug/scan.o build/gcc/Debug/readhttp.o build/gcc/Debug/range.o build/gcc/Debug/proxy.o build/gcc/Debug/protobuf.o build/gcc/Debug/netstring.o build/gcc/Debug/mult.o build/gcc/Debug/marshal.o build/gcc/Debug/json.o build/gcc/Debug/iom.o build/gcc/Debug/iob.o build/gcc/Debug/io5.o build/gcc/Debug/io4.o build/gcc/Debug/io3.o build/gcc/Debug/io2.o build/gcc/Debug/io.o build/gcc/Debug/httpd.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strm_alloca.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_long_example.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_longlong.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_iso8691.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6_example.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_human_example.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt_httpdate_example.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt.o build/gcc/Debug/fdpassing.o build/gcc/Debug/dnsip.o build/gcc/Debug/dllink.o build/gcc/Debug/client.o build/gcc/Debug/cescape.o build/gcc/Debug/cdbget2.o build/gcc/Debug/cas.o build/gcc/Debug/byte_copy_example.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_tosa_example.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmap.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromsa_example.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1_example.o build/gcc/Debug/b64encode.o build/gcc/Debug/array.o
	$(AR) rcs $@ $^

build/gcc/Debug/binfmttest.o: binfmttest.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/binfmttest.exe: build/gcc/Debug/binfmttest.o build/gcc/Debug/binfmt.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/bsdiffcat.o: bsdiffcat.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/bsdiffcat.exe: build/gcc/Debug/bsdiffcat.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/buffertest.o: buffertest.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/buffertest.exe: build/gcc/Debug/buffertest.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/cc-wrap.o: cc-wrap.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/cc-wrap.exe: build/gcc/Debug/cc-wrap.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/env.a build/gcc/Debug/process.a build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/strarray.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/ccat.o: ccat.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/ccat.exe: build/gcc/Debug/ccat.o build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/cofflist.o: cofflist.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/cofflist.exe: build/gcc/Debug/cofflist.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/coff.a build/gcc/Debug/range.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/compiler-wrapper.o: compiler-wrapper.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/compiler-wrapper.exe: build/gcc/Debug/compiler-wrapper.o build/gcc/Debug/dir.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/count-depth.o: count-depth.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/count-depth.exe: build/gcc/Debug/count-depth.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/decode-ls-lR.o: decode-ls-lR.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/decode-ls-lR.exe: build/gcc/Debug/decode-ls-lR.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/dnsip.exe: build/gcc/Debug/dnsip.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/dns.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/dnsip.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/dns.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/dnsname.o: dnsname.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/dnsname.exe: build/gcc/Debug/dnsname.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/dns.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/dnstest.o: dnstest.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/dnstest.exe: build/gcc/Debug/dnstest.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/dns.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/eagle-gen-cmds.o: eagle-gen-cmds.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/eagle-gen-cmds.exe: build/gcc/Debug/eagle-gen-cmds.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/strarray.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/cbmap.a build/gcc/Debug/cb.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/eagle-init-brd.o: eagle-init-brd.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/eagle-init-brd.exe: build/gcc/Debug/eagle-init-brd.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/eagle-to-circuit.o: eagle-to-circuit.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/eagle-to-circuit.exe: build/gcc/Debug/eagle-to-circuit.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/cbmap.a build/gcc/Debug/cb.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/elf64list.o: elf64list.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/elf64list.exe: build/gcc/Debug/elf64list.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/elf.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/range.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/elflist.o: elflist.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/elflist.exe: build/gcc/Debug/elflist.o build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/elf.a build/gcc/Debug/range.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/elfwrsec.o: elfwrsec.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/elfwrsec.exe: build/gcc/Debug/elfwrsec.o build/gcc/Debug/elf.a build/gcc/Debug/range.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/genmakefile.o: genmakefile.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/genmakefile.exe: build/gcc/Debug/genmakefile.o build/gcc/Debug/range.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/strarray.a build/gcc/Debug/slist.a build/gcc/Debug/rdir.a build/gcc/Debug/dir.a build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/hexedit.o: hexedit.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/hexedit.exe: build/gcc/Debug/hexedit.o build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/httptest.o: httptest.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/httptest.exe: build/gcc/Debug/httptest.o build/gcc/Debug/http.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/dns.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/impgen.o: impgen.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/impgen.exe: build/gcc/Debug/impgen.o build/gcc/Debug/pe.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/jsontest.o: jsontest.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/jsontest.exe: build/gcc/Debug/jsontest.o build/gcc/Debug/json.a build/gcc/Debug/slist.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/charbuf.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/list-r.o: list-r.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/list-r.exe: build/gcc/Debug/list-r.o build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/dir.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/macho32list.o: macho32list.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/macho32list.exe: build/gcc/Debug/macho32list.o build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/mediathek-list.o: mediathek-list.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/mediathek-list.exe: build/gcc/Debug/mediathek-list.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/strarray.a build/gcc/Debug/slist.a build/gcc/Debug/http.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/dns.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/mediathek-parser.o: mediathek-parser.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/mediathek-parser.exe: build/gcc/Debug/mediathek-parser.o build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/msys-shell.o: msys-shell.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/msys-shell.exe: build/gcc/Debug/msys-shell.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/env.a build/gcc/Debug/process.a build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/strarray.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/ntldd.o: ntldd.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/ntldd.exe: build/gcc/Debug/ntldd.o build/gcc/Debug/pe.a build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/omflist.o: omflist.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/omflist.exe: build/gcc/Debug/omflist.o build/gcc/Debug/omf.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/opensearch-dump.o: opensearch-dump.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/opensearch-dump.exe: build/gcc/Debug/opensearch-dump.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/pathtool.o: pathtool.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/pathtool.exe: build/gcc/Debug/pathtool.o build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/pelist.o: pelist.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/pelist.exe: build/gcc/Debug/pelist.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/pe.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/pkgcfg.o: pkgcfg.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/pkgcfg.exe: build/gcc/Debug/pkgcfg.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray.a build/gcc/Debug/slist.a build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/env.a build/gcc/Debug/dir.a build/gcc/Debug/cbmap.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/plsconv.o: plsconv.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/plsconv.exe: build/gcc/Debug/plsconv.o build/gcc/Debug/playlist.a build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/rdir-test.o: rdir-test.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/rdir-test.exe: build/gcc/Debug/rdir-test.o build/gcc/Debug/rdir.a build/gcc/Debug/dir.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/reg2cmd.o: reg2cmd.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/reg2cmd.exe: build/gcc/Debug/reg2cmd.o build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/regfilter.o: regfilter.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/regfilter.exe: build/gcc/Debug/regfilter.o build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/sln.o: sln.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/sln.exe: build/gcc/Debug/sln.o build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/strarraytest.o: strarraytest.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/strarraytest.exe: build/gcc/Debug/strarraytest.o build/gcc/Debug/strarray.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/torrent-progress.o: torrent-progress.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/torrent-progress.exe: build/gcc/Debug/torrent-progress.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/xmlpp.o: xmlpp.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/xmlpp.exe: build/gcc/Debug/xmlpp.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/xmltest.o: xmltest.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/xmltest.exe: build/gcc/Debug/xmltest.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/xmltest2.o: xmltest2.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/xmltest2.exe: build/gcc/Debug/xmltest2.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/xmltest3.o: xmltest3.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/xmltest3.exe: build/gcc/Debug/xmltest3.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/xmltest4.o: xmltest4.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/xmltest4.exe: build/gcc/Debug/xmltest4.o build/gcc/Debug/xml.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/hmap.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/ziptest.o: ziptest.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(DEFS) -c -o "$@" $<

build/gcc/Debug/ziptest.exe: build/gcc/Debug/ziptest.o build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/all_tests.exe: build/gcc/Debug/all_tests.o build/gcc/Debug/unit_test_runner.o build/gcc/Debug/unit_test.o build/gcc/Debug/test_strlist.o build/gcc/Debug/test_stralloc.o build/gcc/Debug/test_path.o build/gcc/Debug/path.a build/gcc/Debug/unix.a build/gcc/Debug/strlist.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/array.exe: build/gcc/Debug/array.o build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/b64encode.exe: build/gcc/Debug/b64encode.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/buffer_1_example.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromsa_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/buffer_fromsa_example.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmap.exe: build/gcc/Debug/buffer_mmap.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/buffer_tosa_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/buffer_tosa_example.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/byte_copy_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/byte_copy_example.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/cas.exe: build/gcc/Debug/cas.o 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/cdbget2.exe: build/gcc/Debug/cdbget2.o build/gcc/Debug/errmsg.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/cescape.exe: build/gcc/Debug/cescape.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/client.exe: build/gcc/Debug/client.o build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/dllink.exe: build/gcc/Debug/dllink.o build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fdpassing.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fdpassing.o build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fmt.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fmt.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_httpdate_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fmt_httpdate_example.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_human_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fmt_human_example.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fmt_ip6_example.o 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_iso8691.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fmt_iso8691.o build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_longlong.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fmt_longlong.o build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_long_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fmt_long_example.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strm_alloca.exe: build/gcc/Debug/fmt_strm_alloca.o build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/httpd.exe: build/gcc/Debug/httpd.o build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/io.exe: build/gcc/Debug/io.o build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/io2.exe: build/gcc/Debug/io2.o build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/io3.exe: build/gcc/Debug/io3.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/io4.exe: build/gcc/Debug/io4.o build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/io5.exe: build/gcc/Debug/io5.o build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/iob.exe: build/gcc/Debug/iob.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/iom.exe: build/gcc/Debug/iom.o build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/json.exe: build/gcc/Debug/json.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/marshal.exe: build/gcc/Debug/marshal.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/mult.exe: build/gcc/Debug/mult.o 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/netstring.exe: build/gcc/Debug/netstring.o build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/protobuf.exe: build/gcc/Debug/protobuf.o build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/proxy.exe: build/gcc/Debug/proxy.o build/gcc/Debug/dns.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/range.exe: build/gcc/Debug/range.o 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/readhttp.exe: build/gcc/Debug/readhttp.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/scan.exe: build/gcc/Debug/scan.o build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/scan_long_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/scan_long_example.o build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/server.exe: build/gcc/Debug/server.o build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_buffer.exe: build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_buffer.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chomp_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/stralloc_chomp_example.o build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/textcode.exe: build/gcc/Debug/textcode.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/uint.exe: build/gcc/Debug/uint.o build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/unurl.exe: build/gcc/Debug/unurl.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/urlencode.exe: build/gcc/Debug/urlencode.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/utf8_example.exe: build/gcc/Debug/utf8_example.o build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/uudecode.exe: build/gcc/Debug/uudecode.o build/gcc/Debug/textcode.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

build/gcc/Debug/vd.exe: build/gcc/Debug/vd.o build/gcc/Debug/socket.a build/gcc/Debug/ndelay.a build/gcc/Debug/uint16.a build/gcc/Debug/io.a build/gcc/Debug/buffer.a build/gcc/Debug/stralloc.a build/gcc/Debug/array.a build/gcc/Debug/iarray.a build/gcc/Debug/mmap.a build/gcc/Debug/open.a build/gcc/Debug/scan.a build/gcc/Debug/case.a build/gcc/Debug/fmt.a build/gcc/Debug/byte.a build/gcc/Debug/str.a build/gcc/Debug/uint64.a build/gcc/Debug/uint32.a build/gcc/Debug/taia.a build/gcc/Debug/tai.a 
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(LDFLAGS) -o $@ $^ $(LIBS) $(EXTRA_LIBS)

clean:
	rm -f build/gcc/Debug/*.a
	rm -f build/gcc/Debug/*.o
	rm -f build/gcc/Debug/*.exe

